Feat/i18n (#1699)
grommet/hpe-design-system: aries-site/src/pages/templates/internationalization.mdx

## Overview

Internationalizion (I18N) and Localization (L10N) are important for web content
and applications which are intended to be used by global users. It's even important
for users in a single location who simply speak different languages.

> Internationalization is the process of making your application tailor its

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Internationalization is the process of tailoring application
```

Author: Thanks @taysea ! I commited most of the wording tweaks.

content to different languages or even locations. Localization is the process of
translating content and behavior for a particular language or location.

Even if you don't localize the messages and content of your application or site in a
different language, users can benefit from your site being internationalized. Part
of internationalizating is making your site recognize the locale set in the browser
and format things like dates and times, currency and numbers specifically
for that locale. Browsers have great built-in support for formatting that content
appropriately for the locale. For example, a user in Australia or the United Kingdom
may be perfectly happy with your content being in English but would much prefer any
dates or times be presented with the day of the month before the month
(28/06/2021 versus 6/28/2021). This is easy to do with `Date.toLocalDateString()`.
More information on browser and javsascript localization support is available from

> many sources such as ***TODO***

Reviewer: If we don't plan to fill this "TODO" in on the first pass, we should remove it

## Guidelines

Depending on how your site or application is implemented, you'll need to pick
an appropriate mechanism for choosing a language and locale and then provide

> content for the language and locale the user chose. You can provide a way to pick

Reviewer: ```suggestion
content for the language and locale the user chose. You can provide a control in the application that allows the user to pick
```

> a language or simply try to use the preference set by the browser. Browsers include

Reviewer: Maybe rewording this section to something like, "When possible, set localize content based on the locale preferences set by the user or returned in the header of the page request."

the user's locale preferences (if set) in header in the page request. Your
application or site can choose localized content that best matches a locale from
this list. Even if you don't have content for one of the preferred languages or
allowed the user to set the language another way, it's best to still format
dates, numbers and such given their preferred locale whenever possible.

Once the site has chosen a locale from the user's preferences your site needs to

> provide that content. If you used Grommet to implement the site, there are some

Reviewer: ```suggestion
provide the appropriate content given the selected locale. If you have implemented your application with Grommet, there are some default messages for components like Menu and FormField that will require localization. For example, the required message that accompanies a required FormField.
```

> messages used in Grommet components that you'll need to localize also.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Localizing Grommet

> Messages needed for Grommet components can be provided all up front through the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Messages needed for Grommet components can be provided in a single place by using the
```

dates or times be presented with the day of the month before the month
(28/06/2021 versus 6/28/2021). This is easy to do with `Date.toLocalDateString()`.

## Guidelines

Depending on how your site or application is implemented, you'll need to pick
an appropriate mechanism for choosing a language and locale and then provide
content for the language and locale the user chose. You can provide a control in
the application that allows the user to pick
a language or simply try to use the preference set by the browser. Browsers include
the user's locale preferences (if set) in header in the page request. Your
application or site can choose localized content that best matches a locale from
this list. Even if you don't have content for one of the preferred languages or
allowed the user to set the language another way, it's best to still format
dates, numbers and such given their preferred locale whenever possible.

Once the site has chosen a locale from the user's preferences your site needs to
provide the appropriate content given the selected locale. If you have implemented
your application with Grommet, there are some default messages for components like

> Menu and FormField that will require localization, For example, the required message

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Menu and FormField that will require localization. For example, the required message
```

  messages: {
    textField: { required: 'This field is required' }
    ...
  }
}}>
```

If you're using other packages for internationalization like
[react-intl](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-intl)
or [react-i18next](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-i18next),
it's even easier to provide a function which accesses the messages on demand by id.

For `react-intl`:
```jsx
import { useIntl } from 'react-intl';
...
const intl = useIntl();
...
<Grommet messages={{ format: options => intl.formatMessage(options) }}>
```

For `react-i18next`:
```jsx
import { useTranslation } from 'react-intl';
...
const { t } = useTranslation();
...
<Grommet messages={{ format: ({id}) => t(id) }}>
```

Then just provide the Grommet messages along with your other localized messages.
See the [Grommet component documentation](https://v2.grommet.io/grommet)
for details on what messages are needed.

If needed you can also provide customized messages to the Grommet components
which need them. The components which have localizable messages also support
a `messages` property which accepts their specific messages. In most cases it
easiest to provide the messages as above to the `Grommet` component instead.

> However if you want to specify customized messages for a component in a few

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, if you want to specify customized messages for a component in a few
```
